So so far we've installed WordPress on our Web site and we've also installed the apps theme and we've
got a pretty blank web site that we need to start customizing and putting some content into.
So let's go back over to managed themes and you may have noticed before this customized button here.
So let's start there and add some content of our own.
So first off we can change the site title and the tag line.
We've already done that so I'm going to leave that as is.
You can also upload a site icon.
So if you've got an app like home which you will have if you've made a live app then just upload it
there and that will appear in the browser just there which always looks nice.
We can also add in some menus so I'm not actually going to add a menu here because we don't need one.
But if you want to add several pages on your site then adding a menu there is obviously a great place
to start.
We can also set whether the front page displays a static page or our latest posts.
We definitely want a static page because we're not creating a blog here we're creating just a static
site so we've only got one so I'm going to choose the sample page.
Now we've got some sample content there.
We can edit that later on.
OK.
So I made some basic changes there.
Let's just update that and do a quick refresh just to see that that's actually worked on our live site.
And there it is.
You can see we've got the new content as well.
Now talking about content this theme actually comes with some default content that we can use which
will get us set up much quicker.
So I go back to your apps theme dot zip file and double click on it to open it up and then take a look
inside.
And these are all the files that make up our theme.
But I'm particularly interested in here the sample data dot XML file that we've mentioned SML earlier
in the course.
It's a form of data storage and so this file just contains the basic data for the theme which allows
us to add in some aspects of the demo here.
So we add that by going back to WordPress and then we go down to tools and import.
And this allows to us to import the sample data.
We want some WordPress data so I click on WordPress that would require you to install the word press
in Porter plug in but that's pretty straightforward.
Just click the install button and then activate and run importer and that will activate the plug in
and allow us to select our import file.
So let's choose the one that we mentioned a moment ago sample data SML and then open that up and click
upload file and import and here we can choose to assign the post to an existing user.
We might as well do that.
It doesn't really make much difference but we don't really want this apps admin user created so we'll
just assign them to the user that we created when we set up the site and we want to download an import
file attachments as well which should download any images that go with the SML data that we can all
them that's have a refresh now and see how our site looks.
Ha.
Quite a bit better.
So you can see now we've got our screen shot him.
We've also got this content here.
And you can see everything actually rotates nicely.
As I roll my mouse over these images it updates on the fine that.
And with any luck Yep a rotating menu works as well.
So it's a really quite nice interactive site that we've got here.
And we managed to put that together in about 10 minutes which is not too bad.
Obviously we're going to want to customize this content.
So let's get that done.
If we get back over to appearance you see there's a theme options link that which is where we can customize
the various options of the theme.
So app name.
I'm just going to put my awesome app and just to see where this is all going to go.
If I now refresh this page you can see my awesome app is there.
Now that's a little bit large So I think I'm going to make that just my app.
So as you're changing this it's a good idea to save the options and then just to refresh that we get
that looks fine then obviously we can change the description here.
Tell the people why you is right and let's save that and refresh as we get
download link then.
So this is where you would give a link to your app on Google Play.
So I'm just going to find
any old app let's just click apps and oh the very hungry caterpillar that's always fun.
So let's assume that this is your app.
And then we just select that long link at the top there.
Copy it to the clipboard and then pasted in there.
And then we save options and refresh.
And now when we click the download button it'll jump to what is not our app but of course if you put
the correct download link in and it will jump to your app OK.
And the last option there is to change the copyright.
So I'll just change that to 2015.
Well Percival
and then let's refresh that and he said resize the and also when they say that you can see all the way
to the bottom every time.
So that's change that Pam wonderful got a few more options as well.
So we can change the color of the site say we've got this pink here is our main theme and we're kind
of kind of pale pink which is that text color I think.
So the link color.
I'm going to leave them as they are.
But if you want to play around with them you can just use the color picker there to change them.
Similarly you can upload an image to form the background of the site.
I think it actually looks pretty good as it is.
So I'm going to leave it.
But if you've got a nice big image you want to use as the background.
You can use that and you can see we've got a call to action phrase here.
Get your free download of apps today.
So that's customized that with the Download button and the name of your app.
So I'm going to leave that there.
But if you get rid of that you'll see that that disappears and you might want that in your site.
We'll leave that up to you.
And you've got a few basic fonts to choose from as well.
That's like a quick experiment and see what condiment looks like.
Oh yeah.
Quite nice.
All right.
I'll leave it like that.
OK.
So this is a free thing you're fairly limited with what options are available to you.
But if you want to have more options then find another fame.
As I say quick google for Wordpress themes will give you a huge amount of choice and they're usually
around 30 40 dollars for a really good thing with loads of options.
All right.
So now we've changed all the theme options.
We want to start editing the content.
So working my way down.
I'll start with this slide here and show you how to edit that.
You can see that now we've installed the theme.
We've got a slide option appeared on the menu on the left and you can see very simply this is where
all the content for the slider is saved.
So if we click edit on that clean and simple
we can just change that to something like.
This app is really great.
Just try it.
Obviously you put something better than that and then you can also upload an image of your own that
I'm just going to update that and then we'll see that reflected there.
There it is.
So that's how you edit the menu.
And that will also edit the screen shots here as well.
So I'm going to keep those as they are.
But you might want to upload some screenshots of your app there and then they'll appear in the phone
up here as well as in the slider underneath OK.
So that's how you change that content that the content underneath this part here.
We can actually edit as well.
Now when we uploaded the content I believe it's created a post for us.
So let's have a quick look at the apps WordPress theme.
There it is.
So if we just edit that we should see all of the content that we go on the main apps website here.
So it's all just there for us.
And you can edit it right there and you can upload a proper image as well as we saw in the previous
video.
You could export a nice fancy reflect the image right from Android studio with a screenshot of your
app on it.
And definitely we want to obviously get rid of this iPhone picture and replace it with something on
Android.
So to change that we just need to go back to appearance and customize and you'll remember we changed
the static front page to the sample page.
So let's change that to your latest posts and that will then show a post rather than a page and because
the data is stored in a post that makes life easier for us we could copy that over to a page if we want
to.
But it's already there.
So the only issue now is we've got this welcome to WordPress.
This is your first post appearing there as well.
Let's check to say it does appear on the main site.
We don't want that there.
So let's go back over to WordPress and our dashboard and then we'll delete that default post that was
created for us if we go back to all posts and then we'll delete.
Hello world.
We'll put it in the bin.
And now we've just got the one now.
So if we refresh that
we've now lost that bit there and we've now got all the content that we could possibly want.
And that's it.
So in around 20 minutes we've installed Wordpress and we've created our great looking thing.
And we know how to customize it completely to contain our content so all that really would remain here
it would be to obviously update the text to tell the user about your app rather than the generic app
and update the images so that they're sharing preferably an Android phone.
But if your phone is available for both then it's not too bad.
Having an iPhone there as well and dating it so that your screen shots appear rather than these default
images.
All right.
So that's just a very quick introduction to WordPress and how to make a great looking app web site.
I give it a shot.
And as always do let me know.
Do tweet to me if you've got a website up and running and I'll happily retreat you.
I hope you enjoy that and you got a lot of mileage out of this free theme and your free web hosting
as well.